As a security analyst,
you'll play an important
role in incident detection.
After all, you're going to be at
the front lines actively
detecting threats.
To do this, you'll
not only rely on
the security knowledge
you've developed so far,
but you'll also be using
a variety of tools and
technologies to support
your investigations.
A great carpenter
doesn't just use
a hammer to create a
piece of furniture.
They rely on a
variety of tools in
their toolbox to
get the job done.
They'll need to use a tape
measure to measure dimensions,
a saw to cut wood,
and sandpaper to
smooth the surface.
Likewise, as a security analyst,
you won't be using a
single tool to monitor,
detect, and analyze events.
You'll use detection
and management tools
to monitor system activity
to identify events that
require investigation.
You'll use documentation tools
to collect and compile evidence.
And you'll also use different
investigative tools
for analyzing these events,
like packet sniffers.
New security technologies
emerge, threats evolve,
and attackers become
stealthier to avoid detection.
To become effective
at detecting threats,
you'll need to continuously
expand your security toolbox.
That's what makes
the security field
such an exciting one to be in.
There's always something
new to be learned.
You might remember the
incident handler's journal
we shared with you from
the previous section.
You'll be using this
journal as your own form of
documentation as you work
through the rest of this course.
Consider this to be
your first security tool
to add to your toolbox.